Improve supported 3d formats faq section (#4291)
godotengine/godot-docs: about/faq.rst

GDScript was designed to curtail the issues above, and more.

What 3D model formats does Godot support?
-----------------------------------------

Godot supports the following formats:

- glTF 2.0 *(recommended)*
- Collada
- OBJ

> - FBX

Reviewer: Current support for animated FBX scenes is really bad, so I recommend we write it off explicitly:

```suggestion
- FBX (static meshes only)
```

The situation should improve a lot in 4.0 thanks to the new FBX importer, but it's too large to be cherry-picked in 3.2.x.

> FBX is supported via the Open Asset Import library. However, FBX is proprietary
> so we recommend using other formats listed above, if suitable for your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FBX support is the fruit of reverse engineering via the Open Asset Import library.
However, FBX is proprietary so we recommend using other formats listed above,
if suitable for your workflow.
```
